# Business-Requirement-Doc-for-DriverPass
My Client's name is Liam, he is the owner of DriverPass, a company trying to help new drivers pass their drivers test at their local DMV.  They wanted a web based service that would allow their customer to purchase a package level, 1,2,3, and schedule an appointment for a 2 hour on the road driver test, with a trainer.  Each package had different packages, with the 3rd package being the best.  It would connect with the DMV servers, so when they updated the rules of the road, DriverPass would be informed, so that online practice tests are updated with the most up-to-date information.
I believe that I wrote a well written BRD.  I still think that there is room for growth, as this is my first written BRD.  Having all of the requirements that DriverPass asked to be completed in single docutment makes it easeir to track what needs to be completed, and can be used in daily meetings, like the daily Scrum.  I feel that System design document could use some revision.  The Technical Requirments section in particular could use some more information, such as softwares being used, and financial information.  However, the latter part was not discussed in the interview transcript that was provided to me, so I didn't feel that I could talk about it during my System Design document.
The owner during the transcript, told us explicitly what he was looking for, for his business.  It is very important to meet all the requirements and needs because it not only shows that you heard the client, but made it so that their product works the way that were intending.  This also increaswes your credibiility by showing other potential clients that you meet your customers needs.
I would begin by designing a Gantt chart, to figure out when and what order to complete my projects.  After the Gantt chart is completed, I would begin by designing my UML sequence, activity and class diagrams to help the rest of the development team understand what the projecdt is supposed to be.
